well diplomats from a number of Arab and
Muslim countries have been gathering at
the Palestinian Embassy in the Russian
Capital Moscow they are showing support
for Palestine and denouncing Israel's
war on Gaza well for more on this let's
speak to our correspondent Julia
shapovalova in Moscow Julia tell me who
you've spotted at this Gathering
there well uh a number of envoys as you
said of Arab and Islamic uh countries
and states have gathered here at the
Palestinian ambassy which is uh uh right
behind me so basically they got got
together to support Palestine and uh uh
condemn all the atrocities uh made by
Israel they blamed Israel for those
atrocities uh so obviously um uh the the
the meeting was held behind closed doors
and after that the ambassadors uh uh got
a chance to talk to representatives of
the media and we also had a chance to
speak to some of them so uh the Arab
League ambassador to Russia as well as
Palestinian uh uh Syrian um uh the the
ambassador of Bahrain to Russia and many
many others they all were
here Julia shapovalova there with the
latest for us from Moscow thank you
Julia